Added parameter -Users to New/Set-CsCallQueue (#5226)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsCallQueue.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Users

> The Users parameter lets you add agents to the Call Queue. This is a list of user GUIDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Users parameter lets you add agents to the Call Queue. This parameter expects a list of user unique identifiers (GUID).
```

Reviewer 2: @dariomws
